README.md, before:

# Nijel-Website

Client-facing website to display our work and describe who we are as a company, goals, mission and objectives. As well as highlight the different partners we have worked with and the projects we have undertaken.

## Getting Started

1. Download and install [**Node JS**](https://nodejs.org/en/) if not already installed.
1. Download and install [**MongoDB**](https://docs.mongodb.com/getting-started/shell/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/) if not already installed, or by running `brew install mongodb` if you have brew already installed.
1. Clone the [**repository here**](https://github.com/NiJeLorg/NiJeL-Website.git) or go to the project github page [**here**](https://github.com/NiJeLorg/NiJeL-Website) and download the zip file of the project. Unzip it.
1. Check that you are on the master branch using `git status`.
1. Run `npm install` to install project dependencies.

### Data Importation

To import the data run the following command.

    gulp import_data

**NB: Running the above command will delete all collections and reinsert them from the master csv located in server/data folder**
### Usage

Run gulp on your terminal. Navigate to http://localhost:3000 on your browser.

### Frontend

The frontend framework for this project is [**Angular 1**](https://angularjs.org/), we've also used [**D3.js**](https://d3js.org/) for edge case situations of visualizing data, as well as leveraged [**Angular Material**](https://material.angularjs.org/latest/) as the CSS framework in conjuctions with vanilla/plain CSS styles


### Backend

The backend for this project is built with Node as our runtime, and [**Express**](https://expressjs.com/) as our webserver framework. MongoDB is our primary database engine.

### Hosting

The projects is hosted [**here**](https://nijel-website.herokuapp.com/)

Commit message:

Edit README to add step for site configuration
Signed-off-by: Joseph Bosire <kashboss@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Nijel-Website

Client-facing website to display our work and describe who we are as a company, goals, mission and objectives. As well as highlight the different partners we have worked with and the projects we have undertaken.

## Getting Started

1. Download and install [**Node JS**](https://nodejs.org/en/) if not already installed.
1. Download and install [**MongoDB**](https://docs.mongodb.com/getting-started/shell/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/) if not already installed, or by running `brew install mongodb` if you have brew already installed.
1. Clone the [**repository here**](https://github.com/NiJeLorg/NiJeL-Website.git) or go to the project github page [**here**](https://github.com/NiJeLorg/NiJeL-Website) and download the zip file of the project. Unzip it.
1. Check that you are on the master branch using `git status`.
1. Run `npm install` to install project dependencies.

### Configuration
Create a .env file at the root of the application and make sure to fill in the following configs

    PORT = <?>
    DATABASE_URL = <?>
    SUPERSECRET = <?>
    CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME = <?>
    CLOUDINARY_API_KEY =  <?>
    CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET =  <?>
    TWITTER_BEARER_TOKEN = <?>
    GOGGLE_CLIENT_ID = <?>
    GOGGLE_CLIENT_SECRET = <?>
    GOOGLE_CALLBACKURL = <?>

### Data Importation

To import the data run the following command.

    gulp import_data

**NB: Running the above command will delete all collections and reinsert them from the master csv located in server/data folder**
### Usage

Run gulp on your terminal. Navigate to http://localhost:3000 on your browser.

### Frontend

The frontend framework for this project is [**Angular 1**](https://angularjs.org/), we've also used [**D3.js**](https://d3js.org/) for edge case situations of visualizing data, as well as leveraged [**Angular Material**](https://material.angularjs.org/latest/) as the CSS framework in conjuctions with vanilla/plain CSS styles


### Backend

The backend for this project is built with Node as our runtime, and [**Express**](https://expressjs.com/) as our webserver framework. MongoDB is our primary database engine.

### Hosting

The projects is hosted [**here**](https://nijel-website.herokuapp.com/)
